Added use-cases (#27)
kubescape/kubescape.io: docs/use_cases/prioritizing-and-addressing-vulnerabilities.md

#### **Scenario**

> A development team, equipped with the Kubescape 3.0, discovers various vulnerabilities across their Kubernetes resources, including those within container images. To effectively prioritize and remediate these issues, they seek a systematic approach that factors in the immediate risk and strategic impact of each finding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A development team, using Kubescape 3.0, discovers various vulnerabilities across their Kubernetes resources, including those within container images. To effectively prioritize and remediate these issues, they seek a systematic approach that factors in the immediate risk and strategic impact of each finding.
```

## **Steps to Prioritize and Fix Vulnerabilities**

### Severity Assessment:

> Use Kubescape 3.0 to scan and review the list of identified vulnerabilities, taking note of the severity ratings (Critical, High, Medium, Low) alongside the CVSS scores to gauge potential impacts.

Reviewer: Why both severity and scores?

Author: Removed "alongside the CVSS scores"

### Availability of Fixes and Image Scanning:

Consider the "fixed in version" information for prompt updates to affected components, and utilize Kubescape’s image scanning capabilities to ensure container security.

### Fix Planning:

> Strategize fixes starting with the most critical vulnerabilities, considering both severity and real-world applicability as determined by the eBPF analysis. Integrate these fixes into your development workflow, prioritizing according to risk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prioritize fixes starting with the most critical vulnerabilities, considering both severity and real-world applicability as determined by the eBPF analysis (i.e. Images with CVEs that are loaded into memory). Integrate these fixes into your development workflow, working according to contextualized risk.
```

### Contextual Relevance with eBPF:

> Utilize Kubescape’s helm chart solution, which leverages eBPF technology, to ascertain the actual relevance of vulnerabilities by identifying which packages are loaded into memory, providing a more accurate risk assessment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Utilize Kubescape’s helm chart , which leverages eBPF technology, to ascertain the actual relevance of vulnerabilities by identifying which packages are loaded into memory, providing a more accurate risk assessment.
```
Relevancy is already mentioned above, so consider changing the order or indicate that this will be discussed more later.

> Utilize Kubescape’s helm chart solution, which leverages eBPF technology, to ascertain the actual relevance of vulnerabilities by identifying which packages are loaded into memory, providing a more accurate risk assessment.

Author: ```suggestion
Utilize Kubescape’s helm chart, which leverages eBPF technology, to ascertain the actual relevance of vulnerabilities by identifying which packages are loaded into memory, providing a more accurate risk assessment.
```

### Testing and Deployment:

After implementing fixes, conduct comprehensive testing to prevent new issues. Deploy these updates in line with your organization’s protocols, ensuring stability and security.

Documentation:

Maintain detailed records of vulnerabilities, assessment methods, fix prioritization, and remediation actions to support accountability and compliance.

## **Addressing Unfixable Vulnerabilities**

### Risk Analysis:

Engage in a thorough risk analysis for vulnerabilities lacking immediate fixes, understanding the threat landscape and exposure level.

### Compensating Controls:

Deploy compensating controls such as network segmentation, seccomp profiles or stricter access regulations to mitigate risks, especially for vulnerabilities that are actively loaded into memory, as indicated by eBPF insights.

### Architectural Redesign:

> Evaluate and plan for long-term architectural or design adjustments to eradicate or reduce the vulnerability’s footprint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evaluate and plan for long-term architectural or design adjustments to remove or reduce the vulnerability’s footprint.
```

### Exception Policy:

If necessary, create an exception policy for unresolvable vulnerabilities that outlines mitigation actions, justifications, and a review timeline.

Enhanced Monitoring and Incident Preparedness:

Intensify surveillance on affected components and refine incident response plans to include strategies for potential exploit scenarios.

## **Call to Action (CTA) for Users**

Engage with Kubescape 3.0 for consistent scanning and maintain a well-prioritized vulnerability management approach.

Act swiftly to remediate the most critical and contextually significant vulnerabilities, and strategize for those without immediate solutions.

> Develop a comprehensive vulnerability management and mitigation program, factoring in the enhanced capabilities of Kubescape 3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Develop a comprehensive vulnerability management and mitigation program, leveraging the enhanced capabilities of Kubescape 3.0.
```
